<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Roboto+Slab|Source+Sans+Pro" rel="stylesheet" />
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="css/russ.css"/>
        <title>About</title>
    </head>
    <body>
            <!--#include file="header.xhtml" --> 
        <article>
            <h1>About</h1>
            <p> The Russian 2018 presidential elections were held at an opportune time for
                this project. Of course, due to the limitations of the course
                and available manpower, only the rhetorical preferences of Vladimir Putin and Vladimir
		Zhirinovskii were chosen.</p>
            <p>The particular texts were selected on the basis of availability rather than the
                nature of their content. The quantity of transcribed texts from interviews and
                speeches is actually rather limited, and since the focus of our work was on honing
                our skills as digital humanists, we decided not to manually transcribe. Regardless,
                we intend to draw whatever conclusions that we can from our corpus in the pursuit of
                our analysis. We plan to investigate recurring topics in their discourse and how
                their terminology reflects party ideology, popular attitudes, and how candidates
                relate to their audiences. We are using topic modelling to track the subjects that
                the candidates most frequently cite throughout their discourse. We are also 
                interested in comparing how the media looks at Putin's rhetoric against the 
                results we find in our own research.</p>
            
            <hr/>

            <h2>Election Results</h2>
            <p> The results were announced on the 19th of March that Putin had won an overwhelming
                majority of the vote totaling 76%. Grudinin received 11% of the vote. Zhirinovskii
                received 5% of the vote. Putin will continue as the president for 6 years until
                2024.</p>
                
            <hr/>

            <h2>Candidate Bios</h2>

            <p> Vladimir Putin has had a long career spaning 16 years as a KGB agent and has since
                retired and entered politics where he has remained ever since. He served 2
                consecutive terms as President of Russian from 2000 to 2008,one term as prime
                minister from 2008 to 2012, a third term from 2012 to 2018, and has been elected in
                2018 for a fourth term. He has been a member of the Unity and United Russian parties
                during his political career and pursued a policy of general economic liberalism,
                formation of economic ties with other Eurasian nations such as China, and an
                adversarial relationship with western governments. According to Russian-based polls,
                he enjoys a large approval rate among the population with numbers over 70% often
                cited. </p>
            <p>
                <a href="http://er.ru/">United Russia website </a>
            </p>
            <p>Vladimir Zhirinovskii is the leader of the LDPR party(Liberal Democratic Party of
                Russia) and has run for the presidency five times. He has sought to form an
                opposition party to the status quo though has had very limited success. Zhirinovskii
                is well known for his nationalistic views, outspokenness, and anti-Western opinions.
                His party advocates a strong economic interventionist policy while still allowing
                private ownership of property. The party claims to oppose the communism of the
                Soviet Union while still advocating the restoration of historical Russian borders
                which requires the reabsorption of former soviet states such as Belarus and the
                Ukraine. </p>
            <p>
                <a href="https://ldpr.ru/">LDPR website</a>
            </p>

            <p><a href="https://ldpr.ru/leader/biography/">Zhirinovskii's profile</a>
            </p>
        </article>
    </body>
</html>
