<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">

<head>
        <link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Roboto+Slab|Source+Sans+Pro" rel="stylesheet" />
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="css/russ.css" />
        <title>Russian Elections</title>
</head>

<body>
        <!--#include file="header.xhtml" -->
        <article>
                <h1>Welcome!</h1>
                <p>
                        This project showcases our analysis of presidential campaign rhetoric in the 2018 Russian Elections. We analysed the rhetorical
                        devices used by the candidates, as well as the topics which they discuss most commonly in their speeches
                        and interviews.
                </p>
                <h2>Contributors</h2>
                <h3>Richard Fulop</h3>
                <p>Richie is a 4th-year undergraduate at the University of Pittsburgh studying Computer Science and Russian.
                        On this project, he took the lead on the programming aspect of the project, and wrote a lot of the
                        code that works behind the scenes to help analyse and understand the corpus. After graduation in
                        Fall 2018, Richie plans to pursue a career using both his skills with language and technology.</p>
                <h3>Matt Murphy</h3>
                <p>Matt is also a 4th-year undergraduate who is pursuing a degree in Russian language and minoring in Korean
                        language. He suggested the topic of Russian political discourse and took the lead on writing the
                        majority of the web content for the pages in English and Russian. He plans to find a career in foreign
                        intelligence using foreign languages.</p>
                <h3>Ian Loughney</h3>
                <p>Ian is a 4th-year undergraduate at the University of Pittsburgh studying Linguistics and pursuing a certificate
                        in Russian and Eastern European studies. He took on the design of the website on this project as
                        well as working with Richie on the design of the critical discourse analysis. Upon graduation Ian
                        plans to pursue a career in applied linguistics.</p>
        </article>
</body>

</html>