<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">

<head>
        <link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Roboto+Slab|Source+Sans+Pro" rel="stylesheet" />
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="css/russ.css" />
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="css/methods.css" />
        <title>Methodology</title>
</head>

<body>
        <!--#include file="header.xhtml" -->
        <article>
                <h1>Methodology</h1>
                <p>To construct our analysis, we applied an assortment of rhetorical tags to the discourse files of the candidates.
                        These tags account for the rhetorical techniques that the candidates use during their interviews
                        and and speeches. Taking into account the topics that the candidates address, these rhetorical techniques
                        shed light on how the candidates appeal to their respective voter base and attempt to attract those
                        who might not normally favor their party. Where foreign countries are concerned, we can learn how
                        particular parties profess to approach foreign relations. This is of particular interest given the
                        tense relationship that Russian currently has with the United States and many European countries.</p>

                <section>
                        <h2>Rhetorical devices</h2>
                        <p>To best understand how each politician talks to the general public, we decided to develop a system
                                for annotating rhetorical tags, adapted from van Dijk's framework for ideological discourse
                                analysis in
                                <a href="http://www.discourses.org/OldArticles/Politics,%20Ideology%20and%20Discourse.pdf">“Politics, Ideology, and Discourse”</a>. His classification system for CDA is based on the
                                “ideological square” that describes the general aims of ideological discourse:</p>
                        <ul>
                                <li>emphasize our positives</li>
                                <li>emphasize opponents' negatives</li>
                                <li>de-emphasize our negatives</li>
                                <li>de-emphasize their positives</li>
                        </ul>
                        <p>To better understand the rhetorical tags and how they have been applied in other research, we looked
                                at Rashidi and Souzandehfar&apos;s critical discourse analysis of the debates around the
                                Iraq War. Although their analysis was applied to a specific topic, war, it gave us ideas
                                on how to extend van Dijk's theory by tracking the targets of certain devices, the truth
                                of arguments, and sentiment of certain descriptions.
                        </p>
                        <p>Some of these rhetorical devices were not applicable to the project. For example, the candidates
                                did not use statistics often in their arguments, so we decided to merge it with the “evidence”
                                rhetorical device. We also added two rhetorical device tags to better describe how Putin
                                and Zhirinovskii talk. In the process of reading, we discovered that both candidates tell
                                stories or anecdotes to make their points. The candidates will occaisionally make explicit
                                assumptions in their speeches, and we wanted to capture this as well.</p>
                        <table id="tag-table">
                                <tr>
                                        <th>Rhetorical device
                                                <br/>
                                                <span class="rashidi-tag">from van Dijk</span>
                                                <br/>
                                                <span class="sam-tag">homebrewed</span>
                                        </th>
                                        <th>XML Tag</th>
                                        <th>Description</th>
                                        <th>Example</th>
                                </tr>
                                <tr>
                                        <td class="device-name rashidi-tag">
                                                Actor Description
                                        </td>
                                        <td class="device-tag">&lt;ru:actorDesc&gt;</td>
                                        <td>The &lt;evidence&gt; tag marks when the speaker describes an individual or group.
                                                We marked whether the sentiment was positive, negative, or neutral.</td>
                                        <td>
                                                <q>Соединенные Штаты везде по всем миру активно вмешиваются в выборные кампании
                                                        других стран.</q>
                                                <br/>
                                                <strong>target: </strong>United States
                                                <br/>
                                                <strong>sentiment: </strong>negative
                                        </td>
                                </tr>
                                <tr>
                                        <td class="device-name sam-tag">
                                                Anecdote
                                        </td>
                                        <td class="device-tag">&lt;ru:anecdote&gt;</td>
                                        <td>The &lt;anecdote&gt; tag marks when the speaker uses a story as part of their argument.</td>
                                        <td>
                                                <q>Мы с Вами вчера встречались вечером, мы с Вами сегодня целый день вместе
                                                        работали, сейчас опять встречаемся. Когда я пришёл на мероприятие
                                                        нашей компании Russia Today и сел за стол, рядом сидел какой-то господин
                                                        с одной стороны, с другой стороны кто-то ещё сидел, потом я выступил,
                                                        ещё о чём-то поговорили, я встал и ушёл. И потом мне сказали: « Вы
                                                        знаете, это американский гражданин, он тем-то занимался, он раньше
                                                        в спецслужбах работал, а теперь он занимается тем-то и тем-то». Я
                                                        сказал: « Ну и хорошо, вы с ним как-то сотрудничаете?» – « Нет, мы
                                                        его просто пригласили как одного из гостей». Я говорю: « Ну молодцы,
                                                        слава богу». Всё! Я с ним даже практически не разговаривал. Я с ним
                                                        только поздоровался, сел рядом, потом попрощался, встал и ушел. Всё
                                                        моё знакомство с господином Флинном.</q>
                                        </td>
                                </tr>
                                <tr>
                                        <td class="device-name sam-tag">Assumption</td>
                                        <td class="device-tag">&lt;ru:assumption&gt;</td>
                                        <td>The &lt;assumption&gt; tag marks when the speaker explicitly makes an assumption
                                                in their argument.</td>
                                        <td>
                                                <q>Если бы было что-нибудь выдающееся, из ряда вон выходящее, он бы, конечно,
                                                        доложил министру, министр – мне.</q>
                                        </td>
                                </tr>
                                <tr>
                                        <td class="device-name rashidi-tag">Authority</td>
                                        <td class="device-tag">&lt;ru:authority&gt;</td>
                                        <td>The &lt;authority&gt; tag marks when the speaker references an authority. We also
                                                annotated what sources the politicians referenced.</td>
                                        <td>
                                                <q>Мы говорили об этом и с бывшим Президентом Обамой, мы говорили с некоторыми
                                                        другими официальными лицами – никто никогда не предъявил мне никаких
                                                        прямых доказательств. Когда мы говорили с Президентом Обамой на этот
                                                        счёт, это Вам лучше у него спросить, думаю, что он Вам скажет, что
                                                        он тоже уверен в этом, но, когда мы с ним говорили, я увидел, что
                                                        и он засомневался.</q>
                                                <strong>authority: </strong>President Obama
                                        </td>
                                </tr>
                                <tr>
                                        <td class="device-name rashidi-tag">Categorization</td>
                                        <td class="device-tag">&lt;ru:cat&gt;</td>
                                        <td>The &lt;cat&gt; tag marks when the speaker assigns an individual to a group. We identified
                                                both the target of categorization, and the group to which they were assigned.</td>
                                        <td>
                                                <q></q>
                                        </td>
                                </tr>
                                <tr>
                                        <td class="device-name rashidi-tag">Consensus Building</td>
                                        <td class="device-tag">&lt;ru:consensus&gt;</td>
                                        <td>The &lt;consensus&gt; tag marks when the speaker identifies with a group, usually
                                                to curry political favor.</td>
                                        <td>
                                                <q>Обязательно. У нас все возрастные…</q>
                                        </td>
                                </tr>
                                <tr>
                                        <td class="device-name rashidi-tag">Disclaimer</td>
                                        <td class="device-tag">&lt;ru:disclaimer&gt;</td>
                                        <td>The &lt;disclaimer&gt; tag marks when the speaker presents an idea as positive, only
                                                to reject it later.</td>
                                        <td>
                                                <q></q>
                                        </td>
                                </tr>
                                <tr>
                                        <td class="device-name rashidi-tag">Evidence</td>
                                        <td class="device-tag">&lt;ru:evidence&gt;</td>
                                        <td>The &lt;evidence&gt; tag marks when the speaker uses supposed evidence to prove a
                                                point. We marked whether the evidence was true, false, or unknown.</td>
                                        <td>
                                                <q>В Европе взрывают, в Париже взрывают, в России взрывают, в Бельгии взрывают,
                                                        война идёт на Ближнем Востоке – вот о чём надо думать</q>
                                                <br/>
                                                <strong>truth: </strong>true
                                        </td>
                                </tr>
                                <tr>
                                        <td class="device-name rashidi-tag">Hyperbole</td>
                                        <td class="device-tag">&lt;ru:hyperbole&gt;</td>
                                        <td>The &lt;hyperbole&gt; tag marks when the speaker exaggerates meaning by making questionable
                                                or absurd assumptions.</td>
                                        <td>
                                                <q>Вы думаете, что у меня есть время каждый день общаться с нашими послами во
                                                        всём мире, что ли?</q>
                                        </td>
                                </tr>
                                <tr>
                                        <td class="device-name rashidi-tag">Implication</td>
                                        <td class="device-tag">&lt;ru:implication&gt;</td>
                                        <td>The &lt;implication&gt; tag marks when the speaker infers implicit information in
                                                making his/her argument.</td>
                                        <td>
                                                <q>И у этого кандидата тоже были свои политические оппоненты и противники.</q>
                                        </td>
                                </tr>
                                <tr>
                                        <td class="device-name rashidi-tag">Irony</td>
                                        <td class="device-tag">&lt;ru:irony&gt;</td>
                                        <td>The &lt;irony&gt; tag marks when the speaker says one thing but means something else,
                                                usually using sarcasm.</td>
                                        <td>
                                                <q>Вы просто, знаете что: вы такие изобретательные люди там, такие молодцы.
                                                        Вам скучно жить, видимо.</q>
                                        </td>
                                </tr>
                                <tr>
                                        <td class="device-name rashidi-tag">National Self-Glorification</td>
                                        <td class="device-tag">&lt;ru:glory&gt;</td>
                                        <td>The &lt;glory&gt; tag marks when the speaker tries to represent him/herself in a
                                                positive light by glorifying Russia.</td>
                                        <td>
                                                <q>Я чувствую прямую живую связь с этой землёй, с историей, со страной.</q>
                                        </td>
                                </tr>
                                <tr>
                                        <td class="device-name rashidi-tag">Vagueness</td>
                                        <td class="device-tag">&lt;ru:vague&gt;</td>
                                        <td>The &lt;vague&gt; tag marks when the speaker blurs the lines between fact and fiction.</td>
                                        <td>
                                                <q>Кто это нам говорит, кто это обижается на нас за то, что мы вмешиваемся?
                                                        Вы сами постоянно вмешиваетесь.</q>
                                        </td>
                                </tr>
                        </table>


                        <p>The occurence of these tactics throughout political discourse indicates the types of strategies that
                                politicians employ to marshal support. We aggregated occurences of these devices in each
                                candidates' speech to characterize the sample of interviews and speeches we chose. Since
                                the sample was so small, driven by a short deadline and the convenience of marking up existing
                                official transcripts, we don't claim that this sample is characteristic of the candidates'
                                rhetoric in general.
                        </p>

                </section>
                <section>
                        <h2>Topic Modelling</h2>
                        <p>As a secondary tool in this project, we constructed a topic model using Mallet's LDA module to help
                                us quantify what Putin and Zhirinovskii talked most about in our sample. To remove topically
                                meaningless words, we borrowed a
                                <a href="https://github.com/chermen/stoplist_ru">stop word list</a> from a research project that analysed international diplomacy between
                                Russia, Abkhazia, and South Ossetia. In general, we found this list to be less than satisfactory,
                                as it did not stop on posessive pronouns. It also stopped on words that are very uncommon
                                in spoken Russian, but we decided to leave them in because they weren't words that held much
                                meaning. We decided to stop on all posessive pronouns except наш, because it held some meaning
                                in terms of patriotism and otherness.
                        </p>
                        <p>In addition to removing stop words, we lemmatized the texts using Yandex's
                                <a href="https://tech.yandex.ru/mystem/">Mystem</a> project. We chose to use Mystem over other 
                                options for lemmatization, such as the NLTK stem module, because Mystem uses context clues 
                                to figure out the role of the word in the sentence, providing better results. In some cases, 
                                Mystem returned multiple lemmas for each word along with a weight, or estimated probability 
                                that lemma was correctly chosen. After verifying that Mystem gave good results in the case of 
                                ambiguity, we decided to take the lemma with the greatest weight.
                        </p>
                        <p>After these pre-processing steps, we ran Mystem on our documents, experimenting with topic counts 
                                between 10 and 60. We found that 30 topics yielded the best results.
                        </p>
                        <p>For those who haven't used topic modelling before in their own research, it is important to note that 
                                topic models provide an approximation of topics that would be understood by a human. For example, 
                                a topic might include words like "конфликт", "вооруженный", "cирия", and "ракеты" but it might also 
                                include neutral words like "говорить" and "думать". Since the computer model doesn't understand 
                                what a military topic looks like, but "говорить" often co-occurs with these military terms, it may 
                                be grouped in with the topic.
                        </p>
                </section>

        </article>
</body>

</html>