<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="./css/russ.css"/>
        <title>Results</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <!--#include file="header.xhtml" -->
        <article>
            <h1>Results</h1>
            <h2>Premise</h2>
            <p>The goal of the research was exploratory in nature and the use of topic modeling 
            is a suitably open-ended means to that end.  The results yielded a mixture of word 
            lists that compile the most commonly spoken words from the least to the greatest with
            an individual total for each word.  The lists are divided into several categories to 
            include the economy, diplomacy, election interference, Syria, and quality of life.  </p>
            
            <h2>Limitations</h2>
            <p>It is essential to note the limited source material and its impact on the results and
            analysis.  Due to the limitations of time and manpower, a total of 5 Putin texts and 3
            Zhirinovskii texts were chosen.  A small sample such as this should not be taken as 
            broadly representative of Russian political discourse or even of the two candidates 
            themselves.  Politicians adapt to the contemporary political climate and address topics
            that suit the preferences of their audiences.  Their topics and tactics may very well 
            change significantly in six months.  The explanatory of a topic model is extremely 
            limited given the limited sample size. In this case, we used it as a proof of concept. 
            That is, it has yielded some limited positive results, so if we choose to work futher 
            on the project as the political situation changes, it may prove useful for a bigger 
            sample size. As a result of these limitations, we decided to forgo comparative analysis 
            and focus instead on the overall characteristics of the candidates in the context of 
            the 2018 election.</p>
            
            <h2>Results</h2>
            <p>The percentages that indicate relevancy of particular topics to either candidate are
            very close and only on the topic of Syria is there a notable contrast with Zhirinivskii
            above Putin by about 8 perent.  The greatest attention was paid to quality of life and Syria 
            and both topics were far ahead of the rest.  That the candidates would discuss Syria more 
            than most other topics is not surprising given the prominence of warfare in the country and
            foreign military involvement.  Russia's military involvement and its rivalry with the United 
            States are a significant topic in politics as is the case in the US.  Quality of life was not
            expected to be among the most addressed.  Although this could be a result of the limited 
            sample size, this may indicate a general concern among voters about a declining living
            standard.  </p>
            
            <h2>Putin's Rhetorical Style</h2>
            <h3>Party platform</h3>
            <p>
                The Ediniaja Rossija <a href="https://er.ru/party/program/">party</a> platform sums up Putin's goals and interests best. 
                Mataintaining national unity and independence, and ensuring stability are first and 
                foremost in Putin's rhetoric. Even today, Putin's rhetoric reminds the Russian people 
                of the economic chaos during the 1990's, and implicitly reminds them of his 
                success in stabilizing and bringing prestige back to the country. In doing so, he reminds us 
                that economic conditions are still very difficult, but in these conditions he has been able 
                to guarantee some growth (&lt;1% GDP growth per year). In foreign policy, Putin 
                ignores the actions he's taken to worsen relations with the West, rather saying that 
                he's open to cooperation (for example, in Syria), but the West refuses.
            </p>
            <h3>Scholarly characterization</h3>
            <p>
                Rhetorically, Putin has been described as blending elements of populism and scripted 
                propaganda to defend his rule. Rather than engage with conspiracy theories himself, he 
                alludes to them. One such common conspiracy theory in the Russian political sphere is that
                the United States wanted to break up Russia after the Soviet Union collapsed. 
                <a href="https://www.brookings.edu/research/what-makes-putin-tick-and-what-the-west-should-do/#cancel">[source]</a>
                In speeches, he often alludes to Russia's 
                glory days, bringing glory upon himself by lauding the annexation of Crimea as a holy crusade 
                for the place where Vladimir I, the first prince of Kievan Rus', converted to 
                <a href="http://blogs.reuters.com/great-debate/2014/12/04/vladimir-putins-religious-ethnic-rhetoric-gets-a-little-scary-in-russian-state-of-the-union-address/">Christianity.</a>
                Often, he uses anecdotes or evidence that is inherently unverifiable to bolster his arguments. In cases where he 
                might feel trapped by an interviewer, he will draw a false equivalence between the West 
                and Russia. <a href="http://www.businessinsider.com/russian-dissident-kara-murza-trump-putin-2017-3">[source]</a>
            </p>
            <h3>Putin Rhetorical Devices, count</h3>
            <!--#include file="img/putin-rhetorical-bar.svg" -->
            <p>Putin lyubit nas!</p>
            <h3>Putin Topics, pct relevance</h3>
            <!--#include file="img/putin-topic-bar.svg" -->
            <h2>Zhirinovskii's Rhetorical Style</h2>
            <h3>Party Platform</h3>
            <p>
                As stated in the
                <a href="https://ldpr.ru/party/Program_LDPR/">party program</a> and reinforced by much of Zhirinovskii's rhetoric both in our corpus, and in quotations throughout
                his career, the LDPR is interested in security and social stability above all else. The party, if they are successful
                in elections, promises to rapidly expand the military-industrial base in order to achieve full employment and quick
                economic growth.
            </p>
            <h3>Scholarly characterization</h3>
            <p>
                Zhirinovskii is also widely considered to be a populist, Russian nationalist, and strong supporter of the Orthodox Church.
                At times, he has proposed radical measures like building a border wall on the Caucasus to keep out Muslims.
                <a href="https://youtu.be/3Qpv-M-anxk?t=47s">[source]</a>
                He has also made brash comments threatening to carpet bomb Poland and the Baltic countries.
                <a href="https://youtu.be/ybOSdts-fRw?t=57s">[source]</a> 
                Much like other populist politicians, he has an authoritarian streak, making proposals to 
                re-institute autocracy and adopt Imperial Russian symbols. 
            </p>
            <p>The topic modeling results of Zhirinovskii's rhetoric strongly suggests a preference for
            evidence as a means to support his claims.  This contrasts with Putin's rhetorical style
            which displays a much more varied strategies.  Another point of note is Zhirinovskii's use
            of polarization as a tactic to rally voter support.  This is not surprising given his party's 
            stance on Russian nationalism though it is important to note that Zhirinovskii uses this 
            tactic most frequently with references to foreign entities.  Western countries and leaders
            are the most common targets.  Using foreign entities as adversaries is a useful tactic to 
            rally the greatest number of voters to one's own cause without alienating potential voters.
            This is rather contrary to Putin's party "United Russia" which, as the name implies, strives
            to build the greatest possible concensus.  
            The military and quality-of-life dominated the discourse of both candidates and that the 
            military would be a prominent topic is not surprising given the contentious relationship 
            between Russian and the west at this time.  However, the quality-of-life topic was 
            unanticipated and could reflect the public's concern over their job security and a possible
            decline of their living standard.  The LDPR has a reputation for their promotion of a 
            strong military and Zhirinovskii has made threats of military action in neighbooring countries.
            Both candidates, despite there divergent platforms, recognized which topics to emphasize during
            their campaigns and their coincidence is indicative of a wide concern across party lines.
            Normally, parties present the issues that most concern their own interests and appeal to a 
            particular segment of the population though that appears to be waning recently.  The economy and
            political issues appear to be taking a backseat to the military confrontation with the west
            and a possibly declining living standard.  This could be indicative of a general trend toward
            political unity in Russia while, conversely, the western nations appear to be fracturing 
            politically.  
            </p>
            <h3>Zhirinovskii Rhetorical Devices, count</h3>
            <!--#include file="img/zhirinovskii-rhetorical-bar.svg" -->
            <h3>Zhirinovskii Topics, pct relevance</h3>
            <!--#include file="img/zhirinovskii-topic-bar.svg" -->
            <br/>
            <h2>Bibliography</h2>
            <!--#include file="bibliography.xhtml" -->
        </article>
    </body>
</html>
