<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="./css/RussWebsite1.0.css"/>
        <title>Russian Elections</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1 class="header">2018 Russian Elections</h1>
    <object data="RussWebsiteMenu.xhtml"/>
      <section class="vp">
        <h3>Vladimir Putin/ Владимир Путин</h3>
          <div>Vladimir Putin has had a long career spaning 16 years as a KGB agent and has since retired and entered politics where he has remained ever since. He served 2 consecutive terms as President of Russian from 2000 to 2008,one term as prime minister from 2008 to 2012, a third term from 2012 to 2018, and has been elected in 2018 for a fourth term. He has been a member of the Unity and United Russian parties during his political career and pursued a policy of general economic liberalism, formation of economic ties with other eurasian nations such as China, and an adversarial relationship with western governments. According to Russian-based polls, he enjoys a large approval rate among the population with numbers over 70% often cited.</div>
      </section>
        <section class="vz">
        <h3>Vladimir Zhirinovski/Владимир Жириновски</h3>
            <div>Vladimir Zhirinovskii is the leader of the LDPR party(Liberal Democratic Party of Russia) and has run for the presidency five times. He has sought to form an opposition party to the status quo though has had very limited success. Zhirinovsky is well know for his nationalistic views, outspokenness, and anti-western opinions. His party advocates a strong economic interventionist policy while still allowing private ownership of property. The party claims to oppose the communism of the Soviet Union while still advocating the restoration of historical Russian borders which requires the reabsorption of former soviet states such as Belarussia and the Ukraine.  </div>
        </section>
        <section class="pg"><h3>Pavel Grudinin/Павел Грудинин</h3>
            <div>Pavel Grudinin is a politician and entrepreneur who was the Communist Party's presidential candidate in 2018. He worked at the Lenin State Farm as a mechanic and later formed a private company called ZAO Lenin State Farm. He has since served three terms as a deputy of the Moscow Oblast Duma. The policy of his party is the restoration of socialism with marxism and leninism as the guiding ideologies.  </div>
        </section>
    
    </body>
</html>
